hello my name is Yahoo 1 i'm a pseudonym
calories today i will show you a windows
application using wiimote this
application was initialized by john lee
who is the professor of Carnegie Mellon
University I extended his whiteboard
project and achieved in realizing shaped
recognitions and multi-touch and the
windows by using dotnet framework and
win32 API to test this application there
are several things in it Oh remote one
or two in front ends and if you don't
have a bluetooth block in your computer
a bluetooth adapter first connect the
wiimote with your computer using
bluetooth then point the remote to your
screen you can also operate on the wall
if we have a projector
after finishing the collaboration you
can operate on your screen just Athey if
you're using a mouse
by join different shapes on the screen
you can maximize your window normalize
the window end of pores minimize the
window you can close it as well by doing
a shape cross if you want to open an
internet explorer jewel a letter e on
your screen
if you have two infrared 10s you can
resize windows by multi touching on your
screen
this application is very interesting
when you are doing a presentation in
front of your classmates or colleagues
instead of operating using a mouse you
can simply operate on the wall of course
after a long demonstration your arms
might be a little sore but it's an
interesting sport in the office isn't it
hope you enjoy my demonstration today if
you have any questions feel free to
contact me at ywa and G at ECE fr thank
you bye